Work From Home Helpdesk SLA

We are a small team of IT Professionals providing a wide-variety of tech-related services to those working from home and small businesses. We are based in downtown Toronto and we are currently introducing a pilot program for those in the city providing the fastest and simplest form of IT Level 1 and 2 support. This can cover hardware and related software issues, investigating error messages, troubleshooting most desktop issues, and suggesting update/upgrade paths. 
We do not require your personal information, online access to cloud accounts or services, or remote access onto your desktop. 

Call > Understanding the Problem > Suggestion towards Solution > Agree to Consultation > Service 

Phone Requests:

Weekdays between 9am-9pm, we provide a 20 minute session with an IT professional. If there is a problem that we could troubleshoot, we will make a suggestion for consultation. Further correspondance regarding a suggested consultation will be required to formally agree to the cost of time and expertise towards a solution to the problem. 

Instant Messaging:

You can add WFHHelpdeskSupport on WhatsApp or Telegram to initiate a conversation with an IT Professional. You can provide details of your problem including screenshots (or photos taken from your phone). We can make suggestions towards a possible solution to your problem. Should more time and expertise be required for your problem, we can formally agree to an arragement for a consultation. 

We also provide support via email WFHHelpdesk@outlook.com that could put you in touch with an IT Professional. 

Forms of Payment: 

We will mainly accept payment via Email Transfer but in some cases, we can accept cash where applicable. No credit card or other forms of electronic payment cannot be accepted. 

NOTE: We will not post any communications or issues in detail on any website, forum, social media or, in general, any public site. We will encourage the use of Encryption for conversations over Instant Messaging where applicable. 

How We Work:

Figuring out the problem takes TIME. 
Helping you with a properly identified problem takes EXPERTISE.

If it takes less than 20 mins over the phone to fix a problem, or troubleshooting requires little expertise, our services could be of little to no cost.

We are encouraging a 'Pay What You Can' approach but does not include costs of purchasing equipment or third-party services (i.e Web services or Design). 

HOWEVER:

If we require both TIME and EXPERTISE to be applied to fixing a solution, beyond a 20 min phone conversation, then we could arrange a reasonable rate based on your issue(s) on a case-by-case basis. This could include hourly, daily or flat-rate charges for assistance. 

Service You Can Trust

Our team has experience of over 15 years in IT covering open-source (Linux), Microsoft Windows and Office applications and some Apple products professionally as indepedent contractors and previous corporate IT experience. We will also assist with purchasing and delivering (and/or shipping) equipment sourced from Computer Stores to your home. We can also consider assisting with other IT or tech-related services upon request. (i.e. encryption advice, security, or building a new computer) 
